Study the emacs configuration in the attached files carefully. Then, write a comprehensive polymode (from <https://github.com/polymode/polymode>) configuration and a comprehensive poly-org (from <https://github.com/polymode/poly-org>) configuration for the emacs configuration in the attached emacs files. This configuration allows the user to write latex formatted documents in org-mode using auctex and includes support for lsp using texlab as backend, syntax checking, formatting and completion. The configuration should also allow the user to python programming in org-mode inside org source code blocks using jupyter kernels, and also include support for lsp using pyright, syntax-checking, formatting and completion. Also make sure the polymode configuration is integrated for all the configurations in the whole emacs configuration. As a result, emacs would be a perfect IDE for python programming using jupyter kernels in org-mode files and a perfect writing environment for writing scientific documents in org-mode files. Then write out the changes that are needed in a nicely formatted markdown output. Don't rewrite the whole emacs configuration. Do not introduce errors.

For the emacs configuration in the attached init.txt file, write a comprehensive development environment for python programming. Use pyright as lsp using eglot, configurare flymake to use ruff, mypy, and bandit, configuration apheleia to use ruff, use debugby as debugger using dape. Furthermore, make sure pyright has linting/formatting diagnostics disabled. Keep in mind my emacs configuration contains flymake-collection which preinstalls that contains many packages. The development environment configuration must be well integrated with the rest of my emacs configuration. Make sure this development environment configuratin has its own separtate section titled 'Python Development'. Do not introduce errors. Don't rewrite the whole emacs configuration. Only write out the changes in a nicely formatted and readable markdown output.

Study the jupyter configuration in the attached link: <https://sqrtminusone.xyz/configs/emacs> . Then integrate the jupyter configuration into my own emacs configuration in the attached init.txt file in a separate 'Jupyter Notebook' section. Keep in mind that the s.el library is automatically installed when the jupyter package is installed. Any changes to the org-mode sections should also be placed in 'Jupyter Notebook' section. But keep in mind not bring the whole changed parts to this section. Don't forget to leave any configuration out. The keybindings should use ar/global-leader and be place in this section as well. The python org-babel should be replaced by jupyter-python. The goal is provide a seamless environment to provide jupyter notebook experience in org-mode for python programming. Don't rewrite the whole emacs configuration. Only write out the changes in a nicely formatted and readable markdown output. Don't introduce errors.

For the 'rerouting' part, wouldn't be easier to easier to use this '(org-babel-jupyter-override-src-block "python")' from <https://sqrtminusone.xyz/configs/emacs> instead of what you wrote. The configuration from this link use ob-sync. Are you sure ob-sync is not required? Furthermore, you didn't many other custom functions that the emacs configuration in the provided link has. Do that as well. Make the necessary changes and rewrite the whole jupyter notebook configuration from the previous output with the new changes in a nicely formatted and readable markdown output.

Your goal is to write a comprehensive, optimized and complete doom emacs configuration using init.el, config.org, and packages.el. The config.org file will doom emacs syntax and macros. You will write this configuration step-by-step for a number of iteration.

First study the configuration files in the attached `previous-doom-emacs.md` for doom-emacs carefully since it uses mainly built-in emacs packages. Ignore any lsp-mode/dap-mode in the config.el section of the `previous-doom-emacs.md` fie.Then study the vanilla emacs configuration in the attached `vanilla-emacs.md` file. Then translate that vanilla configuration to doom emacs configuration files that line up with the configurations in `vanilla-emacs.md`. Then carefully study all the files inside the github repository for the doom emacs project. Then study the tecosaur doom emacs configuration in the attached `tecosaur-doom.pdf` file. Also study the same tecosaur configuration in the provided link: <https://tecosaur.github.io/emacs-config/config.html>. Then enhance the translated doom emacs configuration, let's call it the `final-doom-config`, with the configurations in the pdf file as well as the configurations in the attached `previous-doom-emacs.md` file, while not overwriting the configuration already present in the `final-doom-config` file. The link is only provided because I want my final doom emacs configuration to be generated from one config.org file, i. e., `final-doom-config` file. Also study the doom emacs configuration in `elken-doom.md` file to add any missing configuration to `final-doom-config` not already present when adding from `tecosaur-doom.pdf` file. Make sure that you do not use any lsp-mode and dap-mode configurations in the `final-doom-config` file containing the final doom emacs configuration. Make sure the development tools and system in `final-doom-config` work seamlessly with the non-builtin treesitter configuration that doom emacs uses by default and enabled in `previous-doom-emacs.md`. Also make sure to use syntax used by doom emacs, since `final-doom-config` afterall is doom emacs configuration, i. e., your goal is to write a comprehensive, well-optimized doom emacs configurationm in the form of `final-doom-config`. Write the output in a nicely formatted and readable markdown output. Do not introduce errors. For the output of the `final-doom-config` file, theadings and subheading in org-mode would be translated to headings and subheadings in markdown output, and the source code blocks would be placed inside markdown code blocks. Make sure to add some information related to any configuration after any headings and sub-headings. Search the web for anything else that may assist you in writing `final-doom-config`.

Using the attached `previous-doom-emacs.md` as the base doom emacs configuration, (while ignoring the lsp-mode and dape-mode configuration in config.el), translate the vanilla emacs configuration in the attached `vanilla-emacs.md` file to a doom emacs configuration call `final-doom-config` while explicitly using doom emacs syntax and making sure not to add redundant configurations to `final-doom-config` during translation since doom emacs ships with defaults for many of the configurations in `vanilla-emacs.md`. Use built-in emacs packages in `final-doom-config` as much as possible, but use doom emacs's tree-sitter module as shown in the init.el file in `previous-doom-emacs.md` file. Do not setup treesit from the vanilla configuration. Make sure you do not setup lsp-mode, dap-mode, and flycheck. Make sure the development tools and environment in `final-doom-config` work seamlessly with the non-builtin tree-sitter package configuration that doom emacs uses by default and present in `previous-doom-emacs.md`. While configuring the LaTeX Writing Environment, keep in mind that I need to be able to write LaTeX formatted documents both in org-mode and separate .tex files. Make sure to include the custom snippets for Scientific Writing from the vanilla emacs configuration to `final-doom-config`. For python development, explicitly set eglot to pyright, explicitly set flymake to ruff, mypy and bandit, explicitly set apheleia to ruff and explicity set dape to debugpy. Make sure to integrate the jupyter notebook configuration from `vanilla-emacs.md` to `final-doom-config` using doom emacs syntax, but not add redundant configurations that are already shipped by the jupyter module in org. The doom emacs configuration in `final-doom-config` must be comprehensive and well-optimized. Write the output in a nicely formatted and readable markdown output.

Carefully study the doom emacs project in <https://github.com/doomemacs/doomemacs> and make sure there are no overlapping configuration options and packages that already shipped by doom emacs using modules in the existing init.el in the previous out.

Now, study the attached `tecosaur-doom.pdf` file carefully and borrow the following the sections and chapters: the whole Better defauts (section 2.3) under rudimentary configuration (chapter 2); the whole Avy (section 3.2.1); from Section 3.3 Tools, the following items: Abbrev(section 3.3.1), Very large file(section 3.2.2), EVIL(section 3.3.4), YASnippet(section 3.3.18), String inflection(section 3.3.19), Smart parenthesis(section 3.3.20); From Visuals(section 3.4), the following items: Marginalia(section 3.4.10), Treemacs(section 3.4.15); the whole Org and LaTeX configurations (sections 5.3 and 5.4) from Language Configuration (chapter 5) while using tectonic and texlab; markdown (section 5.11) from chapter 5; borrow Snippets(section 5.14). And then integrate these to `final-doom-config` in the attached markdown file. But don't overrite the configurations in this markdown file. Instead merge them with the configurations from tecosaur. Then rewrite the whole `final-doom-config` files. As always, the doom emacs configuration files in `final-doom-config` must be comprehensive and well-optimized. Write the output in a nicely formatted and readable markdown output.

Make sure doom-snippets for latex-mode from <https://github.com/doomemacs/snippets/> are also available for org-mode. Snippets for any other modes should not be available to org-mode.

Enhance the snippet system by adding custom snippet ~/.config/doom/snippets as .yas-snippet files

study the doom emacs project in <https://github.com/doomemacs/doomemacs> carefully and remove any redundant configuration options that are already provided by the doom emacs project. Just point out where you made the changes.

Make sure all prog-mode use their ts version respectively.

[Note]: Haven't decided on this yet
Then setup polymode and poly-org in doom emacss so that I have all the IDE features in org source code blocks.
